feat/lowercase ids (#402)
dendronhq/dendron-site: vault/dendron.topic.frontmatter.md

A globally unique identifier for the note. This identifier is used for two things: (1) generating unique URLs when notes are published and (2) ensuring each note in the index is unique.

> A dendron id is lower case alphanumeric and 32 characters long. 

Reviewer: Should we amend this a little bit?  Because a dendron id can still be upper case (particularly in existing notes prior to the code change).  Maybe insert the word 'default', i.e. "By default, a Dendron ID is a lower case..."

> A dendron id is lower case alphanumeric and 32 characters long. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, a Dendron ID is lowercase, alphanumeric, and 32 characters long. Otherwise, IDs can be any string.
```
